Update ImageDraw docs formatting and links (#4660)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/reference/ImageDraw.rst

        .. versionadded:: 1.1.5

        .. note:: This option was broken until version 1.1.6.

>     :param joint: Joint type between a sequence of lines. It can be "curve", for rounded

Reviewer: It's a minor change, so just for my own knowledge - why bring this text back up to this line?

Author: Wrapping to fit the line length shown in the IDE:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1324225/83734728-0df95b80-a658-11ea-9d1e-c6c50dcaf301.png)

I just spotted "curve" should be `"curve"`, so I've updated it and some others in 8764e088b345047d6b22e46493435674b93f1652 and undone the line break.

    Return the size of the given string, in pixels.

    :param text: Text to be measured. If it contains any newline characters,

>                  the text is passed on to :py:meth:`~PIL.ImageDraw.ImageDraw.size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 the text is passed on to :py:meth:`~PIL.ImageDraw.ImageDraw.multiline_textsize`.
```
Right?

Author: Yep, thanks!
